[Refactor]  Move reset_on_restart within the loop reset (#9561)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

    * Integrate `TrainingEpochLoop.total_batch_idx` ([#8598](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8598))
    * Avoid optional `Tracker` attributes ([#9320](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9320))
    * Reset `current` progress counters when restarting an epoch loop that had already finished ([#9371](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9371))

>     * Move `reset_on_restart` within the loop reset function ([#9561](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9561))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Call `reset_on_restart` in the loop's `reset` hook instead of when loading a checkpoint ([#9561](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9561))
```
